Application consists of the following features:

1.       Download the Project from the given link.

2.       Click on ‘Developer Conference Booking Application.html’

3.       User would be provided with two options:

·         Organiser

·         Guest

Note:

a.       Without Creating a Conference, user will not be allowed to visit the Guest window.

b.       User can also navigate between Guest, Organiser and Home using NavBar.

 

4.       Click on Organiser, user would be provided with two options:

 

·         Create Conference

·         Format Storage

Create Conference: It consists of 4 fields Location, Topic, Time Slot and Seating Capacity.

*All the fields are mandatory.

Upon filling all the fields and clicking on Submit, All the information would be saved and the user would be prompted with the success message.

User can create multiple conferences with different locations, topics and time slots.

*Creating a Conference with same location, same topic and same time slot is not allowed.

All the conferences saved would get displayed in the Guest window, and an alert would be prompted for the same.

Format Storage : User can even clear the conferences that are saved, just by clicking on the button Format Storage.

5.       Click on the Guest window:

Application dynamically shows all the Conference Locations that are saved from Organiser window.

On clicking of each location, application dynamically shows up the related topics that are present under the respective locations, which were previously saved from Organiser’s window.

Similarly, on clicking of topics, time slots respect to that particular topic gets loaded dynamically.

On clicking of the Time slot, Available Seats for that particular Time Slot – Topic – Location would be displayed.

The user can enter the number of seats he/she wants to book for that particular conference.

On clicking of Submit, the seats given in the ‘Number of Seats to Book’ would get booked and the user would be prompted with the Success message.

*User can enter only number in ‘Number of Seats to Book’ field.

*Entering 0 or invalid characters in ‘Number of Seats to Book’ field, the user would be prompted with the validation message.

As soon as the User clicks on Submit, Application checks if the number of seats entered by the user is available for that particular Time Slot – Topic – Location.

If available, the same would be updated and the count in Available Seats would get reduced, the user will also be prompted with the same.

*User cannot book more number of seats than the available seats.

Available Seats value is generated by the application and hence it is always disabled.

If Location, Topic and Time slot is not selected, then ‘Number Of Seats To Book’ remains disabled till the  user selects all the fields.

User can also change the Location/Time Slots/Topics, based on which the remaining seats (after the user has booked) would be dynamically displayed.

 
